[music]
Hello everyone my name is Gwyer and today
which is in lecture number nine of this SMC
We're going to learn what bias is.
and how do we overcome our biases?
can actually bias a
It is a very big topic and there is a main topic.
Because through this we come to know what is
Which direction is the market going today?
And you're going to do it something like this
You can take that if you say Bank Nifty
You are trading in and Bank Nifty which
It is running around 47000 and suddenly
Your friend comes and tells you that friend
From here you take the trade on the buy side
Because from here Bank Nifty is 1200
The point is going to go up and you're on top of it.
Trust us and you are buying and trading
You take it because you know you have a
I have confidence that this guy is my level
The market behaves as it tells
Or the market moves above it on the right end
If you are taking the trade as per his instructions then
Now the one who is your friend is in his place
Bias takes over because bias tells you that
Which direction is the market going to go today?
Where is it going to end and along with it
Bias will also tell you that next week or
Which direction will the market take next month?
is going to go to the right so bias a very
The big end is a main topic and I will tell you
I would suggest that please do something about it.
Whatever it is, you master it and you make it what it is.
Learn and develop your trading skills
Or the accuracy of your trading
She will go to a very high level and rot.
You will jump inside because you will get it directly.
You will know what the market is
is going to go towards the direction and when you
If you know a direction then you will follow it.
through which you are in the same direction
Suppose you are about to take a trade, you know
The market is about to leave here.
So whenever a selling candle is formed, you
Buying Key and Opportunities Within It
You will search because you know that the market is up
I hope you are mine
Do you understand what I am telling you?
What I am trying to say is actually bias.
Which is a very big topic and people who
Understood it or whatever it is within 20 minutes
But I will explain it a little deeper.
Explain the bias that exists on three topics.
The first is the time and price theory.
The second is daily bias and the third is dealing.
range when we combine these three
So we get the actual bias right so
I will first tell you about time and price, learn it.
I will make you see what is inside you
Macro Institution Level Intermediate Term
Institution Level and Daily Short Term
Institution level which is what you learn
I will get it done and after that whatever is there is daily time
The bias on the frame tells you which way to look.
or inside candles you get bias
In what way are we able to see the end kiss?
The way we mark our liquidity
I can tell you that in this part.
I will make you learn and after that whatever is there,
The main and most important tool is
Our dealing range, I want to give it some depth.
I will tell you in the end that we three are
and our actual
There is bias, we will find it some times.
Whatever it is, we watch someone's video and
We understand the bias and we trade.
Now let's go to what happens inside that 10
seven times out of which we get it right
or four or five times out of 10
We read it correctly but those who read it wrong
We never get the answer to that, that we
Why are you reading it wrong because of which
You are learning from there, may be right, I am not
know who you're learning from or
Whose video are you watching, but most of the cases
What happens is that their knowledge is
It is half incomplete, right and half knowledge.
What it is is very right, it is a very dangerous thing.
for him who is learning it right so I
I will give you complete knowledge of everything and such
Why does this happen, why is there a temporary bias?
Changes Happen or Why Our Biases Work
I don't do all the things that I
I will tell you in this, so the first one is that we
Learn the time and price theory
And after that what is daily bias and its
After that, the dealing range right, then before that
We learn the time and price theory.
Now we will understand that time and price
What is the theory and why is it so
It is important for our buyers
Actually you can trade any position within the price action.
You learn topics like they are trend lines.
Whether it is support or resistance or any of your
chart patterns and so on or like I'm a
I am an SMC and ICT trader, so I am into it.
Do you learn order blocks etc. or
Do you learn mitigation etc. or anything else?
You learn points and when you use them
If you apply then you can get it in lower time.
Applying the frame takes 15 minutes.
minute 13 minute one were right what's inside it
You apply, means you apply within a day.
You are trading one day, one week, one month
Trading inside the month and outside the week
You cannot trade outside of the day.
You are going to understand this carefully, you will be able to do it for a day.
You are trading inside on Monday
The market opens at 915 and you can trade.
Who are you inside, inside Monday means Monday
You are trading whatever is inside the key candle.
Yes, you can trade the same thing within the next week.
Are you doing it next week started and ended
You are trading inside it outside the week.
You are not trading this in your mind
Put it in that day, you will spend a week
Inside you can find a November month or January month or May month
Or are you doing it within the month of April, okay?
So when you light that month's candle or that
candle of the week or candle of the day when you
If you look closely, you will find some patterns that will
It will help you find your bias.
What I'm trying to say is you
You will understand slowly, right, you just understand this.
You pay attention to what I am telling you.
I am trying to say and you are your
keep the notes ready okay now what you are
On the lower time frame, you see the red line.
Marking support resistance marks
Are you doing or order block medication block
Rejection Block or Vacuum Block or
Volume balance or your liquidity
Voice etc., whatever you have inside you
You are marking but you can always do daily time
frame or weekly time frame or monthly time
Look, yours doesn't go inside the frame.
What is your analysis in the lower time frame?
You turn on the chart for 15 minutes or 13 minutes.
minute or one hour or five minutes okay you
I have turned on the chart, your chart is running.
Okay, and once or twice in between
Which place are you going to cast your glance at daily?
You go by time frame or sometimes forget
If you don't go on a weekly time frame, you won't go.
If you just stick to the lower time frame
If you are going, what pattern should you follow?
Moving from lower time frame to higher time frame
Frame your pattern is not that you hire
Do not go from one time frame to a lower time frame
You can switch from a lower time frame to a higher time frame.
You are going and when you are from lower time frame
If you move to a higher time frame, your
Your bias or your direction
You get them wrong and the things you
You do it and it seems to fail and you
Then remove your trust from others.
You give me all the things I'm learning
Things are rubbish, trading is this, that is right
Because the method you are using is wrong.
And there's no one to tell you where you are
You are wrong and you are not even accepting this.
Because you yourself don't understand it.
What does it actually take to do something right?
From higher time frame to lower time frame
I have to come now, now I am a mother of children
That nonsense is not going to make you learn anything.
He is not going to make me learn these things
The actual reality that makes us learn
I am the one who actually works and its
Because of your trading skills
The style of trading should change completely.
I will go and see what actually happens.
Whenever a candle is formed on the daily time frame
There are two patterns for you to see inside it.
If it is daily then daily, if it is weekly
If there is a candle, then it can be a weekly or monthly candle.
Candle be daily, weekly or monthly in lower
I am not talking about the time frame candles.
Daily Candle, Weekly Candle and Monthly Candle
I'm talking about giving you two inside it.
You will see patterns if you assume your
Day Barris is you feeling that today's
Will my day be bad or are you thinking so?
That there is a war between Israel and Iran
If it has happened then the sentiment of the market today
If it is negative then the price is on the down side
If I go inside the negative candle,
You should see a pattern on the daily time frame.
Who will get that pattern will remain open right
Price opened here Price opened on 915
I made a temporary high, okay, and then
Later, expansion was given on the down side
A big momentum and close, understand what happened
Open High Low Close Open High Low Close
When does OHLC become OHLC? When your day
It's okay if you have a week of barris or it's okay
Suppose you predicted that brother war
If it lasts long, this entire week will be down
If it is going to be on the side then it is on the down side
When the week is about to end, then weekly
The candle will open here on Monday to Tuesday
It will make you high and you will feel full all day long.
The week will be on the down side and on Friday
Which will go to the up side and close it.
Small one, okay, so it happened in the weekly candle.
What opened on Monday and was high on Tuesday?
I made it, then the whole week was down.
And on Friday, there was a pull back to the open high.
Low Close Same Cheese Month on November 1st
Maan month which started on the first of November
To the fourth of November, the price went upside.
After that the whole month remained barren and
After that, some two or three days at the end
Price pulled back Open High Low Close
It is formed when the price sentiment is
Or the bias should be on the down side, okay?
If the price is going to move downwards then
This pattern is formed if you have any data
Positive came like PPI data is CPI
The data is fine from your Fed meeting.
If the data rate is high etc.
If you get positive then you have to look for another pattern.
will get that is to open a temporary
Creating fake momentum and then actual momentum
It's okay to give momentum and close.
Open Low High Close Price Open will be a fake
Momentum will give and then complete real momentum
After giving this pattern you will be closed
Daily Time Frame Weekly Time Frame
Will be seen on monthly time frame
You will get it if you bank on the daily time frame
If you come to the Nifty chart, you can go here
If you can look carefully at last Friday's
If I talk about it, it was de bullish.
Why was it bullish, I will also tell you about A part
I will tell you in the end at a later time.
whether it will be bullish or bearish
I'll tell you everything, but
For now, let's learn a theory, right?
Price opened here, right here.
If I mark it and give it to you, the price is
Opened in this place right after opening
Price has carefully created a low
Look, Price made a low kiss.
Open Low High in a manner
close open low high close ol hc ok this
You saw the pattern when the price
It remains bullish, right, suppose it bears down.
Price opens here
It happened okay after opening high low end
Close What pattern is formed inside it Open
High Low End Close OK OLC Open High Low
Close ok you or anyone in baris de
You can see open high low close open high low
Close Open Right High Low and Close Open High
Low and Close Open High Low and Close OK
You will also see here open high low end
Close Open High Low End Close End If Bullish
If you see, open low high close open low high
Close Open Low High and Close When you candle
If you click on it, it will appear written here.
What price will it open, high, low and close at?
But at which price did it open and which went high?
Low made at C price and which one
Whatever is at the price, if it closes then whenever
If you go to the candle of the daily time frame
You will see this pattern
Right Open High Low Close or Open Low High
close okay if you go in week
Even then you will see this pattern and
Even if you get a month, you will still see this pattern.
If someone gets the right then this is necessary, this is the right
that the price opens after that one
gives fake momentum a after that which is
Real Momentum Gives End Close
Okay, that's about the swing and so on.
I will teach you in the coming part.
I will get it done but for now what I am telling you
You understand what I am telling you.
Price opens
It makes a high, it makes a low and then it closes.
The price opens low and makes a high
Makes and closes means a fake
Momentum comes and what follows
Actual momentum comes every day, every day
Week and every month what it means
The price action is within this, okay?
This pattern always forms, whatever the things
is it connected with this any you
Learn strategy, whatever it is
Learn everything within yourself
If you are going to apply, you must understand this
It is important that what is inside the price action
There is this pattern that is associated with it.
Everything is always connected to it.
This will happen, okay, yes, some times it will not happen.
in which place should I tell you because I
Reality as it is in front of you
I keep the right daily time frame and if you
Look here directly as soon as the candle opens
Expansion is fine, same thing candle opens
He Direct
why did the expansion come why did this
Why is there no flame inside this candle?
did not make low inside
Because there is expansion inside this candle
Its first candle had already
I will tell you that liquidity was crap
I will explain the fourth candle in the next part.
What would the formation be if you look here
first second third and fourth okay so
Expansion is coming to Fourth Candle.
How can we identify the right thing to do?
In the coming part, we will
You will learn, but I am explaining it to you now.
that the expansion candle that expands
Before it is about to happen, assume that you have a
The part that is tapped is already there.
If you have made trapping then expansion will help you
If you look here, you will see
Why did this directly expand?
Because this is the opening of a new month, if you
If you look here, it is the opening of March.
I mean, at the end of the previous month
Po I tap was done which Po I tap
Happened
Tha Ed Order
Block price went down Advance Order Block
I had tapped and closing month here
Look, it's 29th Feb, the end of the month.
Closed here after closing
Now that the liquidity trap has already happened
I have already given the price expansion, okay
After giving the expansion, whatever
Bias done were to happen after again down
I came right and again whatever is PI etc., we
Whatever is in the upcoming part, we will understand it but
What I am telling you right now is that all
The things that are connected with it
Open High Low Close Open Low High Close Right
Expansion Except Expansion Fourth
formed on candle formation or any bias which
It has already been tapped, then after that
How is the expansion made?
We will also talk about that in the coming part.
You will learn in depth about his tension
Don't take it, but overall all the things are like this
If you take the whole thing from here
This is how you will see the whole thing from here
You will see that all the parts are like this.
You will see all these parts, you will see open high low
Close Open High Low Close or Open Low High
close open low high close is ok
Now when this is a pattern which is always there in every candle
But if you get to see it, it comes with it.
There is a theory which is the theory of time and price.
You see that the price action is moving in this manner.
Always look at the price it works in
When someone gets it, a time comes with it.
That Thiri now in time I am a total
I will take three time frames for the first time.
frame is my monthly time frame which I
I will call it macro institutional.
Level then weekly time frame whichever is
I will name the intermediate term
Institutional level and which is daily time
frame which I'm going to name it
Is the short term institutional level right now
Understand carefully, I am not going daily or monthly.
I am coming monthly to daily, okay?
And you will know what the result will be right now.
You are going to see it in the chart in this video.
You will see what the result is.
And why is the time and price theory
It is necessary to find our bias.
Right, a lot of people told you no, almost everyone.
A fellow hasn't told you about bias.
Why is this so important inside, right?
I'm trying to tell you right now
Why is it so important to your bias?
OK now to find who I am
I am coming to the bank on a monthly time frame.
All the things that are inside Nifty
I am removing it and now I am monthly time
Coming to the frame right one month chart
But coming to Bank Nifty
Okay, now I'm currently in the macro institutional
I am on the level one zone, right?
At the macro institutional level, I am
This is my monthly time frame okay now if
Here you will see the price action.
Bullish High Low High Low Hi Low and High Right
So now some macro institutional level
There are rules, what are the rules, rule number one, if
Your price action is bullish right if you
If the price action of the monthly candle is bullish
You have to buy before the opening of
You have to sell what is on the higher end.
Monthly candle opens at the price
Below is the opening, below is yours
From which place do I have to buy all this?
If you go to the lower time frame then you
You will get it by buying lower time frames.
You have to sell the buy p and monthly
The candle will close, the same thing
You can also see it on the weekly time frame.
Also to be seen on the daily time frame
You will get the second rule now. What is the second rule?
That's fine if price action is your [ __ ].
So inside that case is your monthly candle
You have to sell above its opening and
You have to book the low pay and monthly
The candle will close, okay, so these places
on the weekly time frame or daily time frame
Or go to the 15 minute time frame and
what is in places these days
You have to find selling trades in
By going to places you have to trade buying
Why do we have to search because in these places
It is temporary, time will be spent and that
The actual time is at these places
If you take it to these places for some time
If you are going to live there then entry is easy.
I will tell you how to get it.
I will give you the actual thing after that.
You will get all the bias and what is here
When you buy below the opening, this
The actual expansion is biased towards you.
Now this will be seen as
This is an expansion, this is a monthly expansion.
Some corrections in this in daily and weekly
There will be some short term selling etc.
Why does it come, why is it for short term?
There are temporary bias changes, that too in me
I will tell you right just you can rule your
Write it down in your notes, okay, I will now write all this.
Removing things like I removed you
Rule stated if price action is bullish
So below the opening of the monthly candle you
I want to buy and sell whatever is available at a higher price.
And if price action is your [ __ ]
Whatever is there after opening, you have to sell it.
And below is what you have to book right eye
Hope you are understanding what I am saying now
We understand price action as it is.
Look, I won't go too far, right?
No interest in old charts
Whenever I make a lecture in raising
things that have happened recently
Things have happened recently that
I want to talk about things that have happened.
I will try because that concept is still
If he does not work on certain days then he
The whole thing is rubbish right now
I'm using the reply button.
Because through this you get all the benefits easily.
Things will make sense
If you look at the price action, there is a
Bullish price action is at the right price when
The down side is coming okay the down side when
If he comes, which part will he tap?
Understand that whenever the price moves in this manner
Understand that whenever the price changes in this way
So you always have to watch this
If it comes down, which part will it be?
right so I have a level
Coming out is my F Fuzzy Fer
value gap right this is my age now I
I will wait for it to be tapped
Right, if you look here, monthly
what is happening candle up down up down up
Why is it going down because within the month
There are a total of 22 days in which trading takes place.
The rest is eight days or nine days.
There is a holiday, there is a weekend off, right?
The market keeps running for 22 days but
The monthly candle will always be up and down because
Candles are made only once a month instead of daily.
22 candies will be made inside the cucumber.
There are a total of four or five candles for you to see.
You will get it, you have to understand that the market is a failure
Works on nature
OK price is going up down up down
Opened next month
ok new man started ok ok now AG
Whatever has happened has happened right now, understand it carefully.
Please understand carefully what I am trying to say.
What the rule was that if your price
The action is bullish if your price action
If you are bullish then when the candle of the next month
There will be an opening, below that you will have to buy
What to look for in buying position?
You have to find the right position now.
We are waiting for the opening of next month.
Let's do it, okay, I'm going to make it a little bigger.
So that you can see correctly
Pao Month is still going on right now
The next month has started next.
This is the first day of the month, right, and this
It's opening day, which is here.
It is right, the opening has happened right at this place.
But now I will judge the monthly candle directly.
I won't do it, okay, the opening happened here.
Maybe next day, whatever is there can be made here.
Yes, right, so I will verify it.
I will do it on the lower time frame right now.
I'm going to the lower time frame, okay?
I first looked at the weekly time frame.
Figured out a point on the monthly time frame where
But the price tapped and closed it.
Now from next month I will be my
Should I make the move or should I do my analysis?
I will put it on him, right, I was waiting
I have put my point across.
See, now I will start my analysis.
I will do it right because I was ready from here.
That next month I will pay below
I am going to do it and sell it at a high price.
Because I had a complete reason
That the price is going to go up from here.
Because there is a fair value gap that is already tapped
It has already happened, displacement has also come in it
right if you look here tap here
After tapping done, close is here
Right down, tap Close here
If it happens, what will happen on the lower time frame?
The candles must have gone up to here and then one
Displacement must have come and the price is
You will have to tap the space below and then
Later, if it goes up side then when it goes down
from where he will have to tap
I will make an entry, understand what I
I am doing what is of fractal nature
I am using the end time to become what it is.
Fractal nature I've got you covered
explained it long ago, right
This place, this place, the price of this
Tapping will come in these places where a PI
The rest is on low time frame at that PE which
I will make my entry and my
The target is those who
This month's target is right, if I
If I were to write it, I would have written it as MMT.
I am right, my month target is right.
I have a monthly target, okay, now I am targeting weekly.
Coming to the time frame
Okay, if you look here, next month
The one that is starting is the month of November.
November is starting but now this is necessary
It is not that the new week is on November only.
It has started fine, it was already running for a week.
And that week is going on and this is what it is.
Look, it's ready, it's already ready, okay
Now whatever the price is
Okay, this is a momentum, but I
I am cutting this now, okay, I will cut this
I'm cutting it now, now I saw this.
That I have to buy below the weekly candle
Because the intermediate term institutional
Level and Short Term Institutional Level
and macro institutional level rules for all
Same if the price action is bullish for you
So you have the opening candle that has opened
Below that, below the opening
You have to buy and sell at a higher price.
understand what I'm trying to say
After opening, you have to buy what is below and
Sell ​​at highs if price action
It is bullish, if it becomes bearish then above opening
I want to sell it and book whatever I have at low price.
Okay, I'm now looking at the short-term institutional level.
I am going to
Well, this was my daily candle from November 1st.
And on the first of November, when the market opened
What happens is I would cut out all these things.
Am
Okay, if the market opens in November
Here it made low and high pay which is
After making a high, it closed here.
Okay, now here you understand what this is.
What is this, this is the monthly candle
And to close here, it's November.
It's October, what's up with October?
that the price came here and October 31
If it closes here in October
How would the monthly candle have formed? Price up to this point
Look, you must have made it, then made a week from here
And till this place, it got closed at which place?
Up to this point right here, the monthly candle
It must have been made in some such manner and as it is
If you look at the monthly candle, it is made like this.
Right low made and what is here is close
The object has been made like this last month.
ok so i hope you understand what i'm saying
Are you what I'm trying to say
Fatal Nature is trying to tell you
I am right okay now I am all these things
And now we are lower
Let's go to the time frame, okay, first of November.
As soon as it turned on, the first of the month of November
As soon as the candle was made, when the month started, I
Start your analysis on the lower time frames
I am saying that this displacement has happened
If so, what was there in this displacement?
The place where I buy one of my
I can take the trade because I have an upcoming
The target for the month
is 46400
46400 is right
Now I'm going to be at 15 minutes and 15
If you look here at the minute, daily
The candle opens right here on the new month
Which is here, opened, made low and here
But whatever it is, it is closed, okay now, as I
Told me that whatever is inside this leg is mine
Entry find kar hai ok now understand the price
came down to this place p okay then a
Why was displacement given because this is a
FPG for monthly time frame is OK now
After giving second cheese displacement, it
Here a pawi was made, which pawa which
PE Gap Imbalance Right If This Gap Is
Should I mark the balance, this gap imbalance?
Price tapped it end up side up
I gave the momentum, when did this happen? When did this happen?
First of November means new month starts.
A displacement has already occurred before
Okay, now opening up here, an up momentum.
Now that the momentum has come, what is here
The new month is over and the old month is close
It's over and here's where the new month starts
Okay, the old month is over and the new month is over.
Whatever it is, it started, as soon as it started and
We put it in mind that this is my
If the month remains bullish then the lower time frame
But where is that place where I belong?
I can do it okay within the entire leg
If you look at it, there was a volume balance, sorry gap.
There was an imbalance that has been tapped, now who is left?
bit one
FG okay that's the last FPG and
The price is coming downwards
FPG is tapping Joe and now
Now my bias is towards the upside
Because I have to work on my lower time frame
I have received my entry for my monthly bias.
But yes, as I told you
I as an Indian trader if we
See, okay, because of the Indian market
Inside the Rat Indian Market
Premium DK is now inside it.
How to trade
Understand that this makes it clear that first November
If you have got entry here then definitely
Which is a gap up opening on November 2nd
It's going to happen because there's no PE here.
which is going to be tapped now on the up side which
If the target is right then it is definitely true that
On the up side you get a BTST
Positive Raat will be seen next day
which is starting
Open it and make it here.
Chuka now this is not a daily candle right 15
This is a minute candle for the next day, okay?
Whatever liquidity there was, it did away with it.
The trade was temporary, right on the daily time frame
For right intraday trades, he is using BTST.
Basically, it has done what it has right now.
If you look at the price here,
You will see when a liquidity is done by us
Which one part did you have inside which
We could have done it, we had a gap.
Imbalance okay like a gap here
There was an imbalance, a gap here too.
There is imbalance and this gap is imbalance.
Along with this, there is a volume
Imbalance also
This is the last line of defense.
There is a line of defense where we have our
You can defend yourself and buy
You can take trades on the side with the right volume
Balance and what's inside it is a sorry gap
Balance and what is inside it is a volume
Balance Right Now Makes a Buying From Here
And if you look here, the actual
Clean high is fine, equal high which is yours
There is a target above this which is many
You will get to see liquidity right if
If you look here, what's inside it
Lots of liquidity for you to see
Now you will get what is yours today.
The target is right if you look here.
11 1215 has happened and here whatever you
The target is that right up to your place
Now
Yes the price went up to this level, no FZ on this lake
There was nothing left to be tapped, so again we
There was confirmation that the next day there would be another
Right end will see gap up opening
A gap up opening is seen at the end
This liquidity is done as if
Here a liquidity done as well
Here's a liquidity done now draw on
Liquidity is said to be
How can I draw that too which I have to come to know?
I will make you learn right in the next part.
There are so many things left to learn
There are so many things that you absolutely
You don't know about which you have no idea
It is not right now, there is a gap up opening.
The things that had to be done have been done right now.
Again, look at the price here.
Spending Right Now We Have a
The thing that remains is the thing
There is a gap imbalance, okay, look carefully.
We have a gap imbalance left on the right
Which is actually not fully tapped
There is a right end gap imbalance here.
But now here if you look at it
Temporary tap has also been done and trade from here
It is right but it is a bit risky trade.
It will remain and this is for small targets.
Because here it's just liquidity.
And there is a trade of 100-150 points, I am more
It doesn't evolve, right? I'm so
I don't want to take risk because I have 100 points.
The target is so large that the stop loss is
Right, this is not clear to us now.
Our overall target is here right now.
I'll tell you one thing that's inside it.
She will surprise you a bit, okay?
It will shock you a bit.
Why did it happen, okay, we will continue this.
giving
No
Okay, I'm done, now I've blocked everything.
I told you which block inside
Mitigation Block
Right end, this is the mitigation block.
This is our mitigation block, tap it.
right here in this place if you look at this
We have a mitigation block called Price Dekho
The price has happened something like this, if you
If you don't understand much, then pay attention.
Look and this mitigation block tap right end
Now that we have a trade for the upside
Get a lower end price
If you go to the frame, give it 15 minutes.
If it is a big candle then it is in the lower time frame
Which is what you need to see the displacement inside it.
and an E will be seen where
From which you can make a trade plan for
Buying ok now whatever it is we will continue it
Do
Are
Okay, I am closing it.
We were on a high, we were on a high.
There's no chart where we can look.
Where the price is going to go is our
There was liquidity that day, if you look at it
The 3 candle represents liquidity.
She does it and the trade is made.
1045 and this liquidity does end
Liquidity grabs the market
The new market closes now on 915.
It is starting so now when this liquidity
Grabbed is the previous day high key
If liquidity has been grabbed then obviously
Tapping the price below any PI
will go so what PI do we have okay
Which PI is that, this is our order.
Block Write is also an Advance Order Block
And at the same time, which is a small order
There are also blocks which we can refine and keep.
Yes, right, this is the whole thing that we have.
There is an order block and from here that is
Our last trade
will be ok
C Volume Balance is being tapped along
Along with this, this order is below it.
Below the block, there is even a single candle
Not a single body is closing the right
Which is not closed and here you
One displacement was seen
If you go to the minute time frame then here
You will get the Fz and here you will get the
As an entry, the trade is available
Okay now object that was your clean high
They were equal high, okay, both were high.
Its liquidity gap, this trade is also that
Done for the day, see what I
I'm trying to say you only have one
You got a month and after going for a month you
Did you predict the next month?
You predicted next month
I predicted that brother, next month is
I will remain bullish so whenever there is any selling
I will meet him as a buying opportunity
But I will plan to understand if you are selling in this
If you had searched, you would have failed, but what do you find inside it?
Looking for buying, you found just one thing.
Didi, what did you bring out for sale?
took it out because you know that actually this
what is going to happen in the month ok and its
The reason why you want to see this result
You will get it now, it is continuing right now
Understand now if the price comes down now if
If the price goes down, which part should I buy?
I will trade it, look we have an order.
The block from which the displacement occurred
And the second thing we have is this
block okay this is what you sell side
Liquidity and Buy-Side Liquidity
You can also call it breaker block and also
with what is mitigation block but mitigation
block which is mitigation block which is this
This is how it works: right tap it.
It is called mitigation block and breaker.
What is a block in price that is sold
Side liquidity is grabbed by
Side liquidity is grabbed and
Tap the person who made the grab and move up
is done so if you look here
sell side liquidity right and then what
You have buy side liquidity and then
Whatever the price is, it is right to tap it.
So we have a breaker block okay so
The breaker block comes with an AVG
with the one in the overlapping breaker block
what has the FG done overlap right so
What happens in this case is that this is a
Strong PD becomes Arrez I told you
It has been explained in the block part.
overlapping right overlapping one of our
Strong PDR becomes S because
There are double PDRs here, there's just one here.
There is an order block, but here you will find a
Breaker block is also visible along with
You can also see a FG as well.
which is FG with a breaker block
overlapping p right so here is a
You will see a strong reaction.
OK Now Price
Look, it's going upside, right, okay, yes.
Selling is going on but I am not into selling.
I am not interested because I love selling.
I will take the right to buy as a benefit.
I will take this right as a benefit.
I will use it this way and take it as a benefit
Why I know my month is going to be bullish
My target is now
At this point in the direction is OK Now Now
Whatever it is, we continue it.
Are
Okay, haha, the price is here, look right.
Price did not come anywhere in these places
Right just got here okay now
Yes, our target is done now.
You knew it when it opened in 915.
that this is a part of me, if I have to go here
If I get to see a reaction then I will open
I will take the trade and that's it.
My target will be this liquidity of mine
This will remain the target because of this entire lake
There is no order block edge inside which gives you
Temporary scare okay so if you're here
If you look at the momentum, it is around 37 points.
Momentum is 370 points right and this is complete
You captured the day because
You could have predicted in advance that today
The day will be bullish because this level
But the opening has happened and people have been trapped.
Look guys, there's a gap down here.
When the opening took place, people came here for selling.
End trap gap down opening
Sailing side went trap but you knew that
what are you doing now went upside down now
let it continue okay because I
I won't go into it for long, but if you're here
But you will see inside this entire displacement
Just this is an order block from where we
Can take a trade, can take a risk
The rest is not direct in this entire leg
Till here there is one last one, rest of this is the whole
If there is no one in the lag then I will be in the first line.
Of defense p which is for a trade which is
A can take an entry if I get lower
Displacement found here on time frame
So because displacement tells us
Whether the big players entered or not right now
If you look here at the 9155 candle,
There is a huge candle coming towards selling then
There was a pull back, then a big sale came, people
what are you doing selling
Because this is what people know, this is what people know
You know, big players with this mindset.
Trap us, play with us
and after that what
Is
Right liquidity was gapped up with
Done right with the gap up that ditty was done now
If you assume that any of you is
volume balance or you can do this which is a
Plan to trade with order blocks
Now you are doing it, now you will understand me
What am I trying to say Price?
came down okay this is just one part
Whatever is inside, I plan to trade
I will write and the price is coming.
ok ok now let's look at all these things
I have just this much knowledge, now accept that I am
I do not give you further knowledge, right?
I just give you this much knowledge, just this much
knowledge that this is how to do it and then you
With so much knowledge, let me go to trade.
I will tell you that the actual
What happens in this, okay, you have this stop loss
You have set this target, now when the price
It will come here, you will do the trade plan, okay now.
let it come
This
Yes, why gap down, Nilesh Bhai, this work
No
Why didn't you do this work Nilesh Bhai?
My trades are failing blah blah blah
It's okay to cry
Why Lack Off
It is okay to lack knowledge, you can
Also watch the video, how do you say this?
Can you tell that guy what he understands completely?
Is there evidence? Proof
what is the proof okay what is the proof
You have that the guy whose video you are watching
He is giving you complete knowledge.
Yes, it seems fine to you because you
I don't know myself
Look, social media is very good in Dubai.
Go and take a trip by buying a ticket worth Rs 35,000.
two four paragliding etc. or two four
It would have been much easier to show people the building.
It is very easy to get trapped in this social media.
But what is the guarantee that in this era
The video you are watching is correct.
I will tell you the reason for this right now.
Why did I fail and why should I tell you this completely?
I am making you learn this directly.
You could have also told me, see how many idi
okay so always keep this in mind that you
Is what you are seeing really the right one?
Or is what you're learning really true?
If you are failing, that's okay.
The reason he is not telling you is himself.
I don't know, okay now look, we have
I marked the target that brother, my monthly target
The target is this one, but did you notice this?
That the candle of the month keeps going up and down every month
That the candle keeps going up and down, right means
Temporary pull in lower time frames
Backs keep coming Temporary pull backs
I keep coming to your talk, ok Nilesh Bhai.
I understand that temporary pullbacks happen but
Such a big pull back, okay, it has completed it.
tear it apart
The 800 point ka ye actual me ye live
I traded this while I was in the stream.
BTSC was also given for selling
I was given the right because I knew that
I don't understand what I am doing
What I'm trying to say is the daily time frame.
But
Come
Aha, you see that on the monthly time frame.
The bias is up to this point, right, but you saw this.
that an order here on the daily time frame
Block
And this is the daily time frame order.
This is a block that will give you a temporary pullback.
gives the right end of this temporary pullback
what is inside and the liquidity is filled and
Fuel is filled so that the price is and
go up
Small amount of petrol in a liquidity
You can't travel very far in
Inside the mid, you have what is inside the middle.
You will have to fill petrol, you will have to fill diesel
You will need to fill it if your journey is very long.
So understand this, okay, so bias in this way
Temporary changes take place within us.
Didn't understand Daily Bias as well as we did
I haven't even figured out what the dealing range is.
Yes, but what you have inside you is much more than this.
Your whole mind has opened up a lot.
The thing is I understand that I
what am I trying to say right along
Also, if you look at the previous day high key
Liquidity has also been grabbed, now the second
thing no no other thing rat if other thing
I will give you
Batu Daily's bias we saw together
Also see my brother on weekly time frame
The displacement is large, 15 minutes
Time frame displacement of 15 minutes
The time frame will remain the same as the minutes.
displacement of the time frame of n minutes
One day will remain according to the time frame
Displacement within one day's time frame
It will be according to the end of one week.
Displacement by one week
Monthly time frame tapped
Displacement came within displacement
A volume imbalance was created
If the tap was left then from where did this tap come?
One was Daily Time
Order block on the frame and you have a
Rejection block was on weekly time frame
jike main ths hole ko tap kar jo hai price
Why did it come down side because it
A volume balance had to be met and
When you meet the volume balance
After filling the fuel, it is on the up side
How far will it go if it takes liquidity with it?
As well as taking this clean high which I do
I'm always trying to say one thing
Don't stay connected, temporary pull backs keep coming
Temporary bias changes happen and that
The reason for bias change is that I just
I should follow a time frame of one month.
It will definitely happen, but you also have to understand that
The time frame of a month is a long time frame
Daily time frame levels are also included in it.
Work will be done weekly at the level of work weekly
If you work right then every week every day
You have to keep an eye out to see if anyone moves.
There is no hurdle, it is not right now
Inside this, I came again for 15 minutes.
going
I am okay, I am what I am, all these things that
I will remove it first
Okay, okay, I'm at 15 minutes now.
I come here and this is this FG
I delete whatever it is and remove the block.
I will give this tool to this also.
I'll delete it okay now like I did you
An order block of the stated daily time frame
And what happened to the gold in it was that
Friend, whatever was taped here, all this
Liquidity as well as previous day
It grabbed the high liquidity.
And we caught this whole momentum.
We had captured the entire momentum.
Okay, this is on time when I'm at my prime.
When I used to come on live stream
I have taken this entire momentum
I had got it grabbed and I had made it in advance.
I told you that it is worth 900-1000 points.
You will definitely get to see selling.
You can still see my live stream today.
Go and watch what's inside that live stream.
you can ok
Now now whatever it is, you understand that now
what is happening now what did you do
Should I go ahead with selling?
No, what am I
look at this whole leg look at this whole leg
And in this whole leg, decide that
What is that part inside which I am
I can make a trade plan for buying
Because overall weekly also has its own
Tap Volume Balance to go up
It is going to be and also on the daily time frame
You are going to see buying only
Because the monthly target is still pending, this is just one
Correction is right and this correction is also yours
You can play if you have daily time
Analysis would have been done on the frame
so ok
Now which is that part which has what is inside it
I can sell, sorry, I can buy, okay.
We have already bought this, this too if
If we look, it has already been tapped, okay?
We have two things coming out.
Volume Balance
Second Order
Block Second Order Block
Okay, I am going to enter these two places.
plan for
I will do it now, always remember it whenever I go to the daily
Seeing such a powerful drop on the time frame
Do you get it or see a correction?
If you get it then in that case which is the last one
Always depend on me, it's okay if you
If you look here, the last tap
The last ones have been tapped the most
If the last one is tapped then tap here
It has happened but this one is still left so this
Definitely, we will have to meet below this.
The one below it is plain, take it, plain it
Means Equal Low
Liquidity is okay, but I also know that
What's inside this is a pullback for me to see
I will get this, yes temporarily for a pullback
I can play for small targets
But overall you will enjoy the end only.
It will come because your bias is too big and
In that case, the price is definitely
will tap
ok ok
Ok
Now or continue spending time here
Just liquidity crap
Right yes
Yes, if you are here
You will see no rejection.
There is no rejection, just a 15 minute
If there was a rejection, we would have played this
Up to the order block or up to this order block butt
No, okay, so here you are definitely
No one enters the trade because
within 1 minute and even within 5 minutes
Is there any momentum you can see inside it?
did not get it or any rejection which you
I haven't seen it inside now
We remove this because any
There is no rejection, no candle has given support
did not do direct brake right due to which
It is clear that only the last one gets this
We will tap on the last one and come to it.
Now if displacement is seen
So what we have is our trade plan
will do displacement
Right
Displacement now its below no PI
If not, then it's a hard core trade, okay?
It will be a lot of fun, you can keep the target lying down.
Clean high equal high its aba jo
There is liquidity, there is a lot of liquidity that is
People are resting in their own way
Those who have placed stop losses
A large position is for sale or a
People who sell for a long time period
His position is here and
Temporary which will be our first TP
There will be liquidity like this, at present we
This is our first target for liquidity.
Keeping T inside Forex is called Rat
So we keep this as our first target.
OK, the displacement is complete.
keep it going
it's ok
Full Done TC SSL or you can get SSL anywhere
If you want to take it, you can take it as per your choice.
It is a personal choice, no interference in it.
Give
Ok
Aha
Liquidity of Aha Equal High
Equal High Key Liquidity
Gup Now Now Joe
Okay, now I'll close this.
And my overall target is this
around is okay because now there's no one in the deli
There is no hurdle, this order block will also be cleared.
Because one bye tap has already been done and
Overall this is our target, okay now I
I just do it at speed because
I have to give some more time to Thiri
I want to explain you another example
I want to show you the next month's play.
We have to do it and tell you and after that whatever happens, we do it daily.
Bias will be found, dealing range will be found,
Our liquidity is on the upside
Okay, now you are done with your buying.
Wherever you find the position
Continuing on the up side
It's going on, okay, if you look here, it's D block.
and right
And Again
By tapping the right mitigation which is this
Price went up, went down and is mitigation
to which Price has tapped
Kiya and ek entry banai and gap aapko de
I gave it right, it was clear that it was going to be a mess.
Ok
Now monthly target done okay anta month jo
is complete
Done, now you are ok sorry, I will continue.
I am saying this because of the night that I have.
I have some problem in my throat, now you
if you look here okay now if you
Here you will see your monthly target.
If you look here, then on the daily we have
What do you mean by price went up, one order blocked
Tapping on it would give a temporary pull back.
Temporary pull back taken and within weekly
which is there was a volume balance here
Price has tapped the volume balance
Which volume balance is equal to this volume?
The balance is tapped down by the price
There was also a PI on the lower time frame.
Tapped and then Expansion
Diya and this equal high was done.
If you look at the right month also, then whatever is there in the month
is your target done now which is I a little
I will keep you calm, play on the daily time frame.
You can definitely do it, but I
I remain calm because I am a
I am a Forex trader and I am a Forex trader.
I have a lot of currency inside.
I have a lot of gold pairs.
There are charts and so on so I'm into Bitcoin
I also trade even times
I hold another currency
with currency that is not always wrapped up
It is okay but if you want to do it then do it daily
How can you play on the time frame?
You can see that too
Continuing Low Prices
S FG and Volume Balance Right Again Here
But there's a FG and this is a wad block okay
Yes again an order is blocked try
Can
Okay, now when can you start a new month?
Right until it starts, still 27
December is going on, 28th December, okay, okay.
Now 29th December F January is the new Joe Month
I have started, now I am a little loose
Why should I study because it is a new month
It has started, I will go again this month
And I will start my analysis.
Okay now I am going to call it the month of first month.
I am cutting the month of January.
OK as tapped
hai right ok now inside this entire part this
Who do you have inside the entire air part
This is the part where sir you are buying
For this, you can plan your trade from wherever you are.
You can make a trade plan for buying.
You can carefully
Watch the full part, Raat, ok now if you
If you look, there's an AG here, okay, but what?
You feel like this place is a market
There is no such thing that will drop 10,000 points from here.
Situation
As far as I remember I was in this place
Any situation in January?
No, now which part is it from where I am
Interested in buying
I will be the volume
Imbalance Volume Imbalance Right Volume
There is balance and at this place I am buying
I would be interested to
OK, I've marked a level.
And I'll go back to the daily time frame.
remained
I am on daily time frame which is the price something
In this way, the end is on the up side.
This swing will give me confirmation of what I am
There will be a break and after that I will start selling.
Right because these of mine
The target is inside this and from here
Then I went to Target to buy my find.
I will do it okay now whatever it is
understand
OK price here this order block
Respect was also given to end volume balance
I also gave a pull back on the end up side but
After that the price is down side ok
This swing broke, this swing also broke right
And now what is the price doing to it?
Look, okay, the swing is broken.
The swing has broken and here if you
You will also see the market structure shift.
Right and market structure shift has already taken place
As soon as it happened, okay, I'm now at these levels.
Inside selling points
Find me, okay, this is my volume balance.
Wherever I am interested in what I'm up to
Okay, if you go to my Tegra, I
I gave this selling trade and I
Like, I traded around 200
I gave it and it is open for around 1600
It happened because I knew what I was doing.
I am doing this, look, give knowledge and give knowledge to
There is a huge difference in what people do.
I give you naan, you can also give it but you
What do you do? Do people do it or me?
does
It is important to give and take naan
There's a huge difference between the two ways.
There are traders of always remember two
There are traders of this type, kill them.
ICT is being taught by one person and another by another.
The man is also teaching, the first man who is
The first person who is there does not trade second
The person who raids, now both are the same.
We are making them learn concepts but both
There is something inside that a person has
There is a lack and there is abundance within a person.
He is lying there, he is
Experience is that
Experience because the person who does not trade
He does not have experience but he
The person who trades has plenty
It is experience, okay, and that is experience.
Which will be able to give you the right knowledge and help
which is tax
I will find that I am the only person who
An Inside Funded Trader Prop Firm Forex
There is a prop form in which whatever is inside you
You have to prove your skills and when you
You prove your skills and get funds.
given to manage
I go right now, I just got a million
The dollar funding was managed by the
He traded with the funded trader for 21 days.
Joe has stopped his service right now but
If they stop the service for 21 days
I had to run my house, so I did what
Second challenge by Kia with another company
Which is why I started working on it.
What's inside I did with My Place Funding
And then there's what's next with Aqua Funding.
And with Blue Guardians that is
I continued my red
I started keeping what I have.
Account by Kia and all three accounts which are
I have scored a hat-trick back to back.
Whatever it is, I passed it on
If I am passing one then it is a mistake
I am passing from 10th to 12th. Okay, I am also in second.
Time mistake is happening but third
Understand the time, I'm doing it constantly.
People work so hard to pass it.
Let's do the right thing, which is your life
Can change because you have a big fund
He gets people to manage his dreams
Let's see and I continued it.
Passed three times back to back
I mean, there is something because of which I can pass.
I am able to find what I am because of this
Whatever it is, I am able to become profitable, there is something.
Right, there is something about forex trading.
It is not easy to get prop farm which is so easy
No, if it were that easy then there would be a profit firm.
Traders at 99 would have been ruined long ago.
Let's fail the Pro Firm on 1 which is
And I come inside her
And all its results are
What you see in the community post
Mill
If you go, you have to understand who you are going to
Are you looking at this, ask yourself this question?
Don't fool yourself with blind devotion
If there is blind devotion, never do it, it is okay.
I am not talking about BJP or the government.
I'm telling you what the reality is.
Should I put music in the background or
I don't have any intensity doing editing etc.
If you look closely, I have been
I did not make a video, it is what I am saying.
My tongue is faltering, why is it faltering?
Because I continue watching this video
I'm saying I'm not interested
clip cut cut blah blah blah okay
I am saying continue, right, so you understand that.
month that is if I don't post a video
So my channel may be dead, I have no idea.
I don't care, I know it's okay
This channel is also running temporarily but my
I have a family, I have a responsibility.
I have to run my family towards them.
And through that I can further enhance my skills.
I'm improving as a professional
The trader cannot say that I am doing everything
I know, I never know, I still
I am still learning a lot
Finding the concept why
Because I have a responsibility
I want to run my family, okay, and if
You take responsibility for your family.
If you are ready then learn new things
learn things trust yourself okay
Because you are a real man, my friend.
Always remember to take care of your family
keep right okay now which is this is a volume
Balance is where I am from in selling
I will be interested in whatever it is
Okay, this is done a little quickly, okay now.
Understand what happened here on the first day.
The price here is closed and here
But if I tell you seriously, I
I was a little bit in a hurry, I was in a hurry
I was a little confused here
Dude, I should have gotten the rejection on Thursday, but
I didn't find it here, it's closed, but I'm still
I remained a little confident and what I
It has been decided that this day is the previous day
that there will be high liquidity and when that
Liquidity grab will end displacement
I would like to use Excel, which is Telegram.
But I will update the trade every minute.
I go
This was the liquidity of the previous day, right?
The liquidity of the previous day was this one
Part end this is what liquidity is
Price grabbing if you look here
So this is January 15th and after that it is January 16th.
It is January, right, so the liquidity of January 15
He grubs what was his high
The price drops to the downside.
with being which gives a displacement
If you look here, the market
Structure Shift Okay Market Structure
After the shift, the price is on the down side
End displacement confirmation in what way
Gives you the right FG along with AG
Along with this, this block of yours is right end block
Click here to see the price
I give my BTS love
Whatever I have out of love, I posted it on Telegram.
That brother, pick up the right, it's a big target, 180
I am saying that after the end price
Opening directly here
Here's the opening, yes, if I had it
If the seed had not been added, this trait would not have happened.
If I had put it, I would have no right to do so.
But if I've done it, I'll give you some knowledge.
So I know what I'm doing
And why am I doing this and what is the reason for this?
it's ok
Now I don't care about the trade of 190 or 180.
Remember right, I placed a lot of trades
For now, I have stopped giving trades etc.
I have done it and I should concentrate on my family.
I am and I am on my personal trading page.
I am paying too much attention to what is
Please don't expect that I will have any
Is it a premium service or blah blah blah okay
If it is there then it is okay to keep it a little closed in your mind.
Press and hold to learn by yourself
Trying to okay a selling I and this Joe
Premium of 200 was to be opened at 1600 p.
It happened and whatever happened after that should continue.
Still, look carefully where the price is.
To this place
Ok
so ok
Continued down side dropping right if
If you look carefully here, you will see the continuation
The down side is dropping
Is
ok if you are here
Look here, if you look, the price has
tapped it
displacement
Displacement price tapped end
Displacement on January 24, which is the monthly candle
Tapped up going to the side OK
Okay down side
again again up
side right again down side
Now 25th Jan right till I am still next
I have not reached the month, no, I am on one for
I haven't arrived yet, it's still January.
It is start
yes now why
It happened the first time, why was the taping fake?
What happened after that is why this momentum
Come, this is called external
Grabbing liquidity and what follows
Internal liquidity coming, this is an advance
Whoever has entry, I will give you acumen
with the manipulation and distribution that
I will make you learn this in recent times.
It has happened too and it happens all the time, okay?
So wait a little, you will learn all the things.
will get
Okay now that is January 29th here.
And ok 29 jan continue chal
Run Right End
Now I will start, this is the night still
Continuous running
Look at this
Look here, 31 people did what 31 people did
There's this block that was your breaker block
Also, the breaker block overlaps
Volume balance is being driven by end price
After tapping this, there is a button on the side
Momentum given by Right Price tapped it
Kia end up side which is a momentum
Diya and along with that is our next
The mind that is starting to
Gonna see us
People are walking
Right, okay, the first pop, which is here, start.
What happened here is a mitten block FG
right end here which is a great
Entry can be made but along with that which is
Trying to take you through a month
I will do that month, this is my month, but we
The analysis was done
Okay, if you look carefully here, this place
But right here in this place, if you look carefully
So the volume is tapped on the monthly candle here.
Where did it open
But right here in this place now if you here
Look carefully at the daily time frame.
But I come to the first week
Pay OK also a volume on weekly time frame
There is balance as well as this like
Mitigation block or whatever it is right
Actually I call it Advance Order Block
I will tell you because this is our advance order.
This is the block, this part and this block
Joe's Price taps here with
fg which is overlapping and the second thing if
you here
You will see the unicorn pattern that I have shown you.
Told you Unicorn setup right here
Joe Week This Week Overlapped a FPG
What is the price of FPG?
taps and goes up side right then
Weekly bias is on our upside but
But there's also a weekly FG, okay now.
Again Daily Time Frame
Now we know that from this place, which is mine
Friend, the sale is coming right now.
15 minutes again
15 minutes to go, we are going again.
be careful
Look, there is no doubt that the entry pattern is correct.
Hua Butt
No interest is paid but clear upside
Are you looking for someone to go to?
Who is not interested here on the upside?
Retail player going into
Now we have to see here who is this
There is a part from where we can buy
The first part is this and the last one is this
The part that I told you about
Always on the last part
Believe me, if you start a new month
Are you or are you heading towards a big bias?
Ok
Now OK price which is this way you
Continuity is seen and now Joe
The price continues at the same place as the time.
If I give it a little
Let me expand this order like this.
It's blocked and it's edgy, but I still
I am still not interested in it
Only someone has played a part
Right
Right here people get trapped and their
Liquidity is taken ok now
External is already done, okay now
be careful
Look, this is our trade setup.
And this is my liquidity.
And in these places I am
I will plan this because monthly PD is arranged
This is my monthly volume balance and this
The last part of my new month
Where can I see a buying
There may be no PO I against it.
Right, if I were a PE, I would be that last one.
I don't take it but I pee monthly and that too
15 minutes in, this is my last pie.
The best and the best setup
Looking right
go okay now if you look here
tried to generate liquidity
Here is the downline liquidity people trade
Below the line went for sale again
Tradeline liquidity low, tapering towards sell
What happened after that continued
OK Price Continues Moving Up Side
Right
And now Joe
is liquidity done okay is liquidity which is
Done, now you will say, Nilesh Bhai, what is this?
The target is so long and yet you are going so slowly
Premium DK blah blah blah
2000 points my brother 2000 points 2033
There is a point and the whole life is inside it.
will change completely
You understand the whole life completely.
That will change the whole swing trade because
You clearly know what your biases are.
It is better to take a trade than one which
Inside you take points in the shadow
Be careful what you are doing and you
what are you trying to do 2000 points
If we want to take a big momentum then
There will be a big trapping right a big
There will be trapping but trust yourself
Keep it up, have faith in yourself.
And now the price continues upwards.
I went and got my liquidity right.
Now I don't have to take this long for the time being.
Khichu ka because I also learned the dealing range
It has to be done and that is your daily bias.
You have to make them learn but what is inside it
What you get from here in the dealing range
I will continue from this place where I am.
I will continue the dealing range as per your requirement.
But before that, I want to tell you about Daily Bias which
How do they identify daily bias?
Let me explain it to you a little bit and then what follows is
Look carefully from this very spot, from this very spot
Here it is closed 25 from here which
I'll continue you dealing range
About what a dealing range is
And how can you benefit from it?
You can take it because the dealing range is
You will have two or three or four weeks to come.
For whatever bias there is, he will give it to everyone.
It's a powerful tool within ICT, okay?
I hope you understand what I am saying and you
Price and Time Theory has what it takes to be right
You understand the time and price theory very well.
You have understood it in a way, okay, through which it is
You gradually understood the bias clearly.
Yes, I haven't even gotten to Daily Bias.
I have not found the dealing range but you should
Bias is understanding what you're doing
Yes, you understand your bias.
What are you doing for the whole month?
For the week and for the whole day now that is
When I explain Daily Bias and then
Which is, let me explain to you the like dealing range
Your bias is crystal clear
It will become completely clear very easily.
You will be able to see him, okay, no problem.
No adulteration, pure knowledge, I hope you are fine.
Are you understanding what I'm saying now that's what we are
Let's move on to Daily Bias, now we will understand.
What are daily biases and why do we
You can mark it as it is
Actually you have total three types
The first one you will see is your FG whose
What you have inside is a gap imbalance.
Volume imbalance or normal FG which is
The second one you will see is your block
Inside which you will get many orders.
Blocks will be visible Mitigation Blocks
You will get to see the rejection block
You will get to see breaker blocks or
You will see vacuum blocks, okay, these
All the blocks that you have inside the blocks
Whatever you will see, the third one is yours.
Liquidity is what you get inside liquidity
Previous Day High Previous Day Low Previous
Liquidity of Week High Previous Week Low
Swing highs will also be seen
and swing low liquidity, which you
If you will see then there are total three types
You will see bias inside
And we have to master these three types.
You have to do these three types
I will tell you next day, next week or
Which way will the market go next month?
I hope you understand what I'm saying
Yes, okay now whatever we are doing, step by step everything
We understand bias as it is, this is our choice.
Suppose it is 20th April and this is our 21st
It's April, okay, means this is our previous
It's our day and today is 21st April.
What is currently going on is April, right?
That's a candle, okay now April 21st means today.
The day of the previous day means 20
If you grab this in April
Something like this goes down the side
After going till here and here, what is there
Suddenly the pump is on the up side, okay, means
I have gone this far and after going this far,
has gone upside down and upside down
After going here it's closed okay so
April 21 beats April 20 lows
Okay, now what will happen on April 22nd, which side?
You will see the market going by.
Taking you to the highs of April 21st
You will get to see up
side it becomes clear that whatever bias you have
You will get to see your upside
This way
Whatever bias you will have from here will be yours on 21st April
Will be seen hunting K High
Or you might even see a gap opening.
It will go okay on the down side no
Chance Wright April 21 compared to April 20
on the upside by grabbing the liquidity of
If it is closed then definitely on 22nd April
Hunting Joe's High on April 21st
Or you will see a gap up opening
I will see you ok I hope you listen to me
I will go to the chart and show you
Let me tell you about the current scenario.
I'll talk, it's Friday, okay, last
Friday and this is Tuesday's
By scaling up liquidity
Tuesday's liquidity at the close
It has increased the liquidity of Right Study
It has grubbed the end up side which it has
Closing given now on Monday
When the market opens you will definitely get a
A gap-up opening will be seen and it will be high.
The hunt that is taking place will be seen
Now you have to see gap up opening.
Will definitely get a gap up opening only
Yes, but if we assume there is a flat opening
So you will get to see this hunt happening.
Okay, I will give you some more examples.
I am here
Look at this candle from the previous day's low
Liquidity crap okay a gap here
There was a down opening, then suddenly an up side.
Momentum has gone and this liquidity has become crap
After doing this, close what is above.
Now it was definitely the next day.
The market gave a gap up opening and its
Hunt for liquidity if flat
If it was an opening, it would have been a hunt and otherwise.
Which means you're going to see a gap-up opening.
Got it, okay, so this is for you next day's
Bye
He helps me tell you okay I
Let me tell you some more examples here.
Look at this candle from the previous day.
Liquidity grab done ok liquidity grab
After doing this, now it is closed on this day.
The bias of the next day and this one
The okay, I'm going to cut a little bit here.
I give it a try and go on to lose time fame
This liquidity has grabbed the end
The price is here, okay now our
What is the bias of Next Day here in this
The place is ok
O candle opened and now that is my bias.
Here is my target which is 46800
It's around okay, almost okay, 800
Around, my bias is 77, but 800 values
Because of my bias
isn't it at this place that is at this place that is
I will enter from here because this is my
breaker block
that it has tapped
Okay, this is my breaker block price.
Tapped into sell-side liquidity
Buy side liquidity and price which is
After opening, he taps it.
And from here an entry is made.
And this is my target on your upside.
I am right
Now there was a bias of 800, that is done, right
The bias for the next day is like this
You get to see it when the market opens
If it happens, you will clearly know that
Which direction is the market going to go?
will it go upside or downside and
You will also find out that a
Which is the momentum and which is the fake direction?
What happens some times as soon as the opening takes place?
Momentum starts coming on the down side, people
Traps happen, then actual momentum comes
Whatever is there in it, people get trapped in it.
Let me give you an example that will help you understand the correct
you will understand the way
Again, this operates on the daily time frame.
hmm okay there is another example but look at this
The candle has reached the previous day's low liquidity level.
grub key end as well as this swing key
Liquidity also grubbed
After grabbing the rat liquidity, it
It was clear that the next day would be
There will be a liquidity hunt, there will be a bias hunt.
Next day is to see the gossip opening.
meets and hunts this down okay now Joe
I am going to tell you about liquidity.
It was this thing, look here.
I will remove it right
Okay, this candle has lowered the previous day's
Liquidity Grab
The liquidity of the previous day low is
grub okay and now what I'm going to do is cut down to here
Now I will give my target for the next day.
My bias for the next day is mine.
This is bias
place ok now whatever it is I walk on low time
This liquidity grabs the market
Now it is closed, right?
After the liquidity is grabbed, and after that
That's my bias here, okay, next.
Day market opens some times
Don't always look for gap up or gap down
You will get to see some times fat opening
You will get it in that situation, which you will find inside it.
Fake momentum, escape from what's coming
Now you will be able to find out the actual momentum.
Look, the market opened on 9:15, right here.
But look at the places where you
If you can take entry for the trade then I
What you see is an order block because
Its now a FPG right it's a define
The order is blocked and I'm taking it.
From this place I will enter and
my stop loss
That will remain the end of the previous day's low.
This is what my target will be.
It will remain because this is my liquidity, this is mine
The bias is towards the right up side, okay.
Now I tapped on it and rejected it.
Look carefully at my confirmation, this is one of mine.
Confirmation is and price is shown on top.
leaving for the up side
The price which was at swing high was liquidity and
Liquidity is my first investment.
TP was the first one that was my target.
It is done, this is my target, I am what I am
I will continue this
Continuing downside momentum
People are tapping and people are tapping towards selling.
Is happening
Okay, this was a fear block, Price had this fear
Tapped the block after coming to the down side
There is also a sale or purchase and a bottom cut to the debacle.
Did I have a pump from this to see you?
will get
Okay, so liquidity doesn't rate a price, which is
OK, the act eliminates bias.
right now if you look carefully here
Clean high is made at this place right a
Again we are on Daily Time Fame
If you look carefully here, this
It has grabbed its liquidity in place
right a clean high is made okay
Made absolutely clean and high
Now, if we go again
The price is the next day, if you
You will see that these three-five are still continuing.
The next day is here, opening day
Okay, Mees, whatever it is, grab its bias.
Not done, look carefully if grabs
If it grabs, okay, a couple of points.
There is a minor difference but why is it down
I am not going to hunt on the side, understand this.
Look if you're here
You'll see this continues going upside, okay.
Why won't he go hunting down the side?
Because there is a dealing range
Look, there are actually mistakes in understanding.
We marked the bias and the bias was done.
Now this is the minor difference we give some
What happens at times is not minor.
Major happens but liquidity is
It's not a grub if you look at what it is
Its high liquidity is very minor
had a grub from a point of th a point of
There's also almost no difference, maybe if you
If you see, this part is 7850 P and
This is 750, okay, one and a half point.
The difference is and the next day it happened
This liquidity target has been right
Remove everything in liquidity.
I give this liquidity which is the target
Yes, but if you look at this many points, starting from 859
825 okay 25 30 points that is grub to be
the rest remained
Why why did you remain, look this happened
This made it clear that there was a gap
There is a gap down opening here.
It also happened directly at this place, close here
There was a direct opening here.
Understand why the grab remains to be made.
Because you are missing a dealing range
There is an order block here which is bias
Now how far are the upside blocks in this order?
Try to identify the direction of bias
Follow the direction of my friend Bias
Try to identify it if you
I made a mistake in identifying, see overall bias
are of the up side, okay when the direction is up
If it stays on the side then bias it towards the up side
Mostly in high probability which is work
Let's do it okay in these places which are like
This is an order block or is it an order?
There are blocks at these places, trapping will take place
The bias in these places is in its direction
You will not go to the opposite side if you are here
But you will see that its direction is upwards.
Not opposite
I will go if I continue this
Am
ok continue going up side going up side
you stayed here
Watch this bias grab its liquidity
and close it on the down side
This candle made its high
On the downside by crapping liquidity
Closed it, now it is 100% sure that the gap
It will go down right, it is 100% sure that there will be a gap.
It will go down but it is not 100% sure that it will
The part that this grabs
yes
Why understand why because of direction
The biases of the opposite are weak.
Let's say the direction is up, right end
The bias you're getting towards selling
Look it's time to see you get hunted
You will get it but what will happen in most of the cases
The last PI inside the candle
Why will the returns go away after tapping the price?
Because he has one part left to tap
Which part should this part be tapped?
Now let's continue this
Yes, okay now consider me cancelling this.
Right, okay, sorry to cut here.
Leave it, be careful
Look, this candle on the right, this candle
is this candle
Ended its high liquidity grab
After grabbing liquidity, Joe is down
Closed it on the side, now it should be clear
It was said that a market which is gap down opening
How far is the bias going to go to the downside?
right up to this point right end as well as if
you'll see right here at this place if
If you see, this liquidity is very
It was closed, as soon as the gap went down, it was directly
Hunted and this expansion was very
It was a big expansion if you compare it
Look, there is no expansion inside it but
The expansion inside it is a big one
If there is momentum then there are many things inside it.
The PO has come, okay, whatever is inside it, you
Lots of PIs on lower time frames
We will see if we lower time
on the frame
Challe Order Block
Yes, order
Block this was low liquidity, low liquidity
Grab right after that whatever is the order
Block
Right Order Block
Because there was a big expansion and when
When there is expansion, what is inside it
Order blocks are created in the case when
You should see such statuses
Situations were seen that the previous day was high
The down side closed by grabbing the livity of
So definitely the price of this order
Tapping the block will help you mitigate.
It will come again on the daily time frame
Understand what I am trying to tell you
Its liquidity grab's end it
Which is the candle which liquidity grab
If there is a huge expansion inside it
If the price is biased next day
If it is in support then its liquidity is measly
Tap the PI below there.
will come and if you look here then here
There was a P on the lower time frame and tapped it.
Back to the Up Side as it is gone now
It grabbed its liquidity and closed it.
If it has happened then next day you will find it here.
You will get to see the right
Now
Ouch, what happened here, a gap up opening
Hui up side me gaya and down side me
Its liquidity is crap now.
This one was the target, right?
Is
Yes, target
Done now its below close hua hai to bias
How to know if it will remain down?
I will tell you everything, what are these?
Things are right, we are just moving forward when bias
If you learn then I will tell you that this
Why did the situation happen, okay, I'll tell you this.
Now I will tell you the bass on the up side.
I have told you about the bass on the down side.
Tells me if the candle of 21st April which is 20
would have grabbed the high of April
It would have swallowed its high liquidity
And come to the down side and close it.
Something in this manner to the Gaya and High
After gossiping, whatever happened came down side
Now the next day is 22nd April.
Day Market
You will see it on the down side
Okay, this is the part where the hunt is taking place.
or you'll see a gap up or a gap
Sorry to look down, to look down the gap
It depends on your bias.
Ways to hunt right your bias kiss
There have been hunts in this way, see if previous
Day Low's liquidity has been grabbed by the gap.
You will surely get to see him, yes
There are some conditions and some rules, okay?
If you look at the same things inside it,
Liquidity grabs previous day high
If yes, then definitely the price is on the down side.
But like I said
I told you what the overall biases are, okay.
Overall bias will help you in determining the dealing range
Whatever it is, it will help you right now.
You will understand in a while, ok now this
were our targets in this way which
Bias Done If We Go to the Chart Again
We will understand the previous day's high on the chart.
Downside bias of liquidity grid
Okay, as it is, the previous high key.
Liquidity Grap Key Buy Stun If You Here
But
You will see the liquidity graph of previous highs
Bias done right and here if you look
Liquidity gap bias of previous day high
Done, okay, he also did high on the previous day.
If liquidity is of grape then as it is its
Bias is also done right if you are here
But you will see the right previous day high key
Liquidity gap and price which is on the downside
I go to the PO below.
tries to tap because price
The one who is pulling back on the up side
After that, selling is coming, okay, so here
But if you look, you'll see a swing.
What is the right and price here?
Because this was a huge gap down and
Tap the order block inside it.
Kia and Price have taken this wing
that liquidity has been grabbed right here
As an experience, when you get experience
There will be a lot of increase then you will be able to understand it.
Okay now if you look here it has its days
Definitely a public liquidity grab
The price was going to be about this and
Now this candle haunts him.
This high key liquidity is a gift of Grab
Definitely the price of this loan
It was going to be below and the price is
It goes like this, okay hope you understand what I am saying.
what am I trying to say
ok previous day high previous day low key
I gave you the liquidity that was there.
Explained how what is in the market
You get to see the work being done now
There is some more liquidity that I need to tell you about.
There are some more main points that I want to tell you.
Let's say the previous day is high, okay.
Liquidity grabs previous day highs
After this method it got closed now day which
is the next day
Why is a downside candle formed?
Which bias should be removed to eliminate this bias?
Now stop this bias and do it
Now understand this bias, whatever you have to do, do it.
Gave
But after doing this bias, will he
Liquidity is now closed at or below
It is closed if it closes below this
If so, next day again you will be in a down side.
You will see bias only, understand me
What am I trying to say is that
This is how the liquidity grab is closed
Or they do you in continuation pattern
If seen in continuation
If you have seen the closing then
The bias is to see the downside next day.
I will meet you
Let me tell you, okay, if you've been in the recent past
You'll see all of this here too if you look.
If I tell you this in continuation
So it has increased its liquidity which is Grab
And closed it below, if you see
After hunting this low key liquidity
Whatever is below it, I have closed it now.
Next day you have gap down or down
To see the bias on the side
Milleg
Aha right this candle has liquidity of this day
and closed in on the up side
Now the bias is to look at the upside
See you upside bias done rat and after that
Which is the actual momentum, why did it actually come?
Momentum came why why momentum
A volume imbalance right near you
There is a volume balance as well as main
threshold hold
The entire volume is
[music]
Imbalance, okay, this is the entire part.
The volume balance is fine if you
look at it carefully
This was one of your targets, okay, target done.
And this volume balance will cause the price to fall.
Target done went to the right up side
Here the opening went to the up side
Target done and what follows
Price after tapping Volume Balance
Where has it fallen
Tak ya bias tak end ya order block tak ok
Now understand that this is what is below it.
He has given the closing as I told him.
If its below closing is given closing
I have given it to you, I am not talking about the pot.
If closing is given then this ba continue
Honge Down
Side na side na
Liquidity, as I mentioned, downside T
Done now it has done its liquidity gap
What will happen next day or liquidity
You have understood the target, okay now its close.
Its liquidity has been reduced by
It did not close, now why am I
The next day will be biased towards the upside.
haha up side
Buy Right Now This candle has given a high of Rs.
After grabbing the high, what's below
I closed it, okay, so now whatever happens next day
Those who will be biased will be from here and this
Whatever bias is there gets done, okay now if
This has grabbed its liquidity.
Right, okay, let me give this a try before I move on.
Let me tell you once more that there is expansion inside it.
There is no bias but it is on the overall up side.
The reason why there has been no expansion inside it
The price is based on its low liquidity.
The opposite direction is coming to grab
Grab its low key liquidity inside too
Low key liquidity grab is coming
After doing this the up side is closing
Is
Now it has grabbed its liquidity with
At the same time, you observe here that what it has done
Now it has closed the gap.
up high side liquidity right which is a little
The longer the time frame, the more likely it is to be played
Effort
I will do this, this is my liquidity target, okay
Hey, I'm going to the time frame
Am
Okay, my liquidity target is the end price.
Who
There is an opening here
Given that there was a lot of liquidity in this space
Right below this is a liquidity rest
Now according to the trade line, it was quite
People trade as soon as this trend line breaks.
Trades will be taken on retest
Right Now
Look, the red line is retraced, okay, it's tapped.
Test
Aha retailer what are you doing, retailers are doing
Are
Trap and Now
Big
Player Ra Bi
Player Emulsifier
Done Rat and this thing will tell you that
Do you want to be trapped here or not?
Being what it is will tell you that here
Do you want to be trapped or not?
what am I trying to say to you
It will save you from everything if you read bias
If you do this, I will tell you that this trade line is wrong.
This direction is wrong, don't go to this place.
don't do that
Do go to this place because it is for you
That's right, I hope you understand what I'm saying.
Yes again we are on the daily time frame.
Now he is removing everything as he is coming.
Closed by grabbing liquidity
If it did not happen then it is definitely on the up side.
is only
Bass up side and its about close hua hai but
But the order block has arrived, okay?
This bias will now start changing down
The side now is just below its height
Price closed right then bias down side
I am here, the bias has closed just below it.
on the down side okay now it has its
Liquidity is up for grabs, so on the upside
The bias will remain temporary, it is okay on the up side.
And after that whatever is its folk
Here's what happens after the liquidity grab
But it got closed, now you have gone to the side
Continuation Kar Raha Now Ab Ya Continuation
will
Even after tapping on the button here again,
This continuation will be done carefully first
Understand what it's doing right corner again
It's in its internals, okay, inside the bar.
Andar Hai Again
T what happened inside this luck
What happened that went wrong in this luck?
I have to face the reality, my friend.
We have to face reality, reality is like this.
It happens that the reality face is not so
This is your deal to do
Raj this is your dealing range which you
Look, I will tell you the bias downwards.
I always say you understand what I'm saying.
Yes, always understand what the overall bias is.
Side here overall bias the up side overall
Bias was upside, similarly order here
If the block has come then where is the overall bias down
Where is the side right up to the volume balance?
When the bias is on the downside, here's what you get
The upside will tell you the upside momentum.
Why will it remain temporary? It will remain temporary.
I told you that if you had a previous day
Inside the previous day of K lo you big
If you haven't received the expansion, you'll get what you have.
Just tap an order block and then
Down
Tap down the order block inside it.
Side order blocks that were tapped down side order
But those who were not inside it, it
Liquidity gap down
Side rat as I explained it to you as it
It's happening the same way I did before
I also told you that if the opposite
If you go in the bias of direction then you
Get trapped, the same thing is happening here.
Sorry, my tongue is faltering
I have been saying this for a long time, right end
I need to explain this correctly because
Once my flow is broken, I
I can't explain everything, anything
Things will be missed and if some things
If it is missed then it is wrong information
It will reach and whatever loss there is will happen and that
I don't want to, okay, so I hope you're mine
Are you understanding things now, now that is biased up?
Will continue on the side
S up side ok its above closed
again up side okay now now you carefully
Look, he has not closed about this.
Right but still carefully
See why this
Why did this happen
Look what happened, Brother Reed, come and do it.
Need Volume
Balance and the Volume of the Agent of Balance
Sorry
Act Main Threshold by tapping 0.5
Level up by tapping the equilibrium position
In expansion now now your buyers who
It will remain on the up side and the third candle
By reading it, it is known that the fourth candle which
It will expand when the low of the third candle is reached
I will come to all these things in a time frame.
Let me explain how the fourth candle
recognizes
Expansion Yes
Understand expansion as when a direction
bias changes in the other direction from
If there is, then there is a displacement inside it.
And when displacement comes
After displacement, that is FG
Or to retest the point that is there
The market will always come and because of this
Temporary bias changes will happen in these places.
But whatever you have to do, stop taking BTST.
You have to do what is in BTST
I have to take care of all these things that I have
I have given right to failure.
When I faced reality
I suffered losses when I started trolling
When I faced this, my friend lost it
Then I have seen all these things
Do you understand what I am saying?
Experience will teach you that
what is the reality what is going to happen
Why did I endure this, my BTST
I am two, three, three months at a time
He was giving continuance in this manner
I did not feel in a hurry and started changing.
I looked at things and I understood it.
I understand and you will see that I will complete this
Give BDST which is inside the anta part
I stopped it when I got married.
I stopped trading because
I am preparing myself in such a way that I
I am changing a lot and when I come back
If I do it again, you will be my prime
I'm 100% better than I was at one point.
The guna that you will see me next when I am less
I will come back and definitely I will come back
I will do it again, I am saying it definitely
I will come back but right now what I have
Recently I have been giving time to my family.
I prefer giving and family
But I spend more time with what I have.
I have also been on personal trading which I
I am spending more time, you see.
How are you doing, how is the bias changing?
Trapping How Displacement Happens
I forgot that in a minute.
Displacement happens in the same way as daily time
There is displacement on the frame also.
ok i hope you understand what i am saying
Why are you waiting for changes in temporary bias?
Why all these things happen, it is up to you to
You must have understood through the lecture.
There are still a lot of things you need to understand.
Okay, as I told you, continuation.
I want to see your bias in what you have
You will get the same thing if it is high
Whatever is above has been closed then next
Which definitely gives you an upside bias.
to see
See you next day which is definitely you
Upside bias will be seen again
If he continues this then again
Bias you on the upside again continued
If yes, then on the up side
Bias how long until he has his higher
Time frame bias not done
How long until he has achieved his goal in his high time frame
If the bias is not done then ok
This closes everything and now
Whatever we understand in recent times,
What happened to Bias in these days, what did we
could have planned a way
ok now its aba which is like this
Liquidity grabbed definitely a side
There is bias in the night, its father is closed.
It's with the gossip that's on the up side
If the candle closes then it is definitely on the up side
There will be bias and these biases are done
It is definitely closed now.
It is now closed, definitely now
Its closed now, definitely its now
Hey friend, there comes a time when turning
would have a point
okay, I'll stop here because
The biases of my previous week high
The swing bias of the previous Kak was
If I tell you weekly
Bias is another thing that liquidity has.
Here it is
No, when this is done, when it is done at this place, I understand
I thought that even after grabbing it, he
There is one if gap up opening is given then okay
Now the manipulation will start from here.
manipulation started okay end like
This is the gap down opening below it.
A gap down opening was seen on the right
I got to see just this part
Volume Balance
The price on the lower time frame is
After tapping, it is closed here.
After making low, here is the close now.
Like I told you, this lo ke billo
Closing has happened with downside bias at this low
Below closing has happened and down side bias
The closing below this line has been done.
and below downside bias and this low
If closing has happened then down side bias is fine
So the bias that I explained to you previously
Crapping the day high previous day low and
Previous Day High Previous Day Low Now
What is closing or below closing?
It happens and how do you get bias in direction
It is seen if the grab has happened
Next day you will see her opposite
If this is grabbed then what is above it
You will see that the grab has happened, so okay.
If he has grabbed it then now
Yes, if seen in continuation
If bias is going on then continuation goes on
How long will it last until the overall bias is done?
bias okay one grabber and one
Continuation I hope you are mine
You understood the things, now comes the third one.
Liquidity Previous Week High and Previous
Weak low liquidity like you get here
This previous week's high was seen
After grabbing liquidity, this is what it is
Week closes here right so this
It was clear that next week you will be down
Where will you get to see the side?
There was a volume balance and daily
on the time frame
Inside this space is the volume balance
That is the end of this entire part which I have written in the last
The week which is the entire part, this week
Before starting, I have new
My personal mentorship in the batch
Right inside, I made it clear to him.
It was that friend, now the price is on the downside.
A new dealing range is about to move towards
Now we are going to make a range of deals.
will understand because I have written all these parts
I have already told you in advance what is there.
It was that brother, Bank Nifty is now on the downside.
A new dealing range is about to form
As soon as the three candle formation is formed
Yes, you should definitely be sure that the price
is going to go down side and his
I still have the recording of the course.
It is lying there because I bought it last
Sunday around I said lie Saturday
Or okay around Saturday or Sunday, whichever is
I said yes because new batch starts
It happened and I told him what was inside him.
I had told you the price which is definitely
You'll see the downside because
Weekly liquidity hits weekly swing high
and a dealing range of
High close is reached, now new dealing range
Now what is the dealing range for this?
We have to understand, okay, so now what we are
Moving right towards the dealing range
Let me just give you a summary of what I
What did you learn last day?
Grabbing the liquidity of the previous day low
Finding the bias through it as well as the gap
How to find out the up gap down if any
The order is not blocked then definitely gapped up
Or the gap will be down if the order is blocked.
If the price comes to tap it, then in that case
Which is flat opening can be okay with
Also, how to do temporary work inside the deli
Bias changes and simultaneously
What is Continuation Bias and What is It?
as well as previous week high and previous week
The bias end of the low as well as the swing high end
Swing low bias if you look weekly
Swing High was Swing High Key Liquidity
If you are caught on the right weekly candle
You will go as soon as this grub is done next time
The bias for the next week became downside.
went because the AG was also supporting
Rat I hope you understand what I am saying as well
With that, I'll tell you about high end
what are the biases of
It's like you can look at it this way
This is Monday, this is Tuesday, this is Wednesday
Thursday and this Friday, so this week, which
This is Monday, look right, this is Tuesday.
The most important one is this one, right, this is the one
It is the low end of the week and the market opens.
Here goes the Volume Balance button.
This weekly low will be our target.
If I tell you in a week
Go to the right down side as soon as the opening occurs
This week's target right now this week
Liquidity Grab of Previous Week's Low
If it is done then next week it will be the high of the week.
Our target will be end next week
This week's turn after opening
does right and this week's about what is
Weekly candle has been continued, okay?
Next week, there will be bullish bias and
After the bullish bias, this is the close
Liquidity grabs and after that whatever
Is Eris Bias Start I Hope You're Mine
You have understood what bias is.
In what way are we like candles?
can understand and in what way we are
Continuing our liquidity as it is
And how can we become what we are?
You can understand that our macro
Institutional bias, which is our monthly bias.
We are marking it correctly.
Or the market is moving in that direction
Whether he is going or not, it is up to us.
It is clearly visible, I just made two points
The first thing I made you learn is the price.
And time thiry and the second one which is daily bias
Now we go to the dealing range and when you
You will understand when you learn the dealing range.
what have I learned okay two
You understand so many things from things.
You are coming, your whole mind is me
Definite
Be sure that your entire mind is complete
Change happened because a lot of hard work went into it.
I liked it and definitely your complete
Mind must have changed and now we are
Dealing Range Learn how to deal
What is the range and how do we get it?
can mark and how can we
The bias of the next two or three weeks together which
I hope you can play my words
Now that you have understood, we are talking about the dealing range.
Let us now understand the dealing range.
What happens and how do we handle it?
You can find the actual dealing range
Two-way liquidity hunt before formation
The first is the sell-side liquidity end.
After that, what is buy-side liquidity or
First buy-side liquidity and then what
It depends on sell side liquidity
What structure is created within the market?
or what kind of structure is it made of
There are some times in the market
This way a clear structure is maintained.
Live First Sell Side Liquidity Hunt
It happens and after that what is on the left side
There is a liquidity hunt and after that this
A lag is formed and this lag is called
is the dealing range right and this is the dealing range
This is a bullish dealing range.
Liquidity Hunt Happening Buy Side Liquidity
Hunt hona but some times jo is some times jo
There is no clear structure in this way
Suppose this thing seems complete, this thing is complete
Looks right, it looks something like this
And below this is sell side liquidity.
If not, then the price is on the buy side first.
liquidity hunt and after that what
There's a swing like this inside this leg
And when the return comes this wing
and this becomes our
Sell-side liquidity before buy-side
Liquidity and then the sell side
Liquidity when liquidity on both sides
If the hunt happens then what happens after that is this
Within our dealing range, we
Let's buy it at a discount and then whatever
We sell at the high of the dealing range
If you give me the right, it depends
What kind of structure is formed in the market?
What happens some times by the side
Key liquidity gets hunted and in this case
You don't have any lag in these places.
The end is not visible when the price returns
Comes over here and makes a swing
The end price on the time frame is on the downside
And then this is the cell side.
If liquidity hunts, buy side first
Liquidity Hunt followed by the Sell Side
Liquidity Hunt and This Is Our Dealing Range
And what we have within this dealing range
Premium and discount one is what we have
We have to set a zone and whatever is inside it, we
Whatever is available at discount, we buy it and
We sell whatever is at the high end of the dealing range.
Let's do it, it's just a simple rule
This is how the dealing range works
Now that I've told you what's clear
The structure is built, it helps you in the market
Mostly you will see But Indian
what is there in the market that the Indian market
In the market six wave runs end time
The market on DK remains like
Premium DK etc. So in that case what is
There you will find this type of structure
You will not be able to see clearly what you have
There will be a lag or return here.
You will notice a lag coming in
And in that case you swing that
Yes, you can take it because this is its overall logic.
There is a hunt for liquidity on both sides.
And after that you get a lag and
Inside that lag, you can get premium end
Use the discount tool and
You are here to take your trade right now
If we look here, this is one of our
Bearish dealing range is the price which is
Making a Swing the Way End Swing
After making it, it goes to the up side.
Making a swing to the upside again
And this creates buy-side liquidity.
Okay, now about it by the side.
There is liquidity and below it is sale.
The liquidity of the side is the now price which is
From here the sudden up side is pumped and
Hunt the liquidity on the buy side
Ends after it returns
So he hunts for liquidity on the sell side.
If so, first buy side liquidity is available and
After that, what follows is the sell-side liquidity hunt.
And this whole part was our dealing.
Range Raha and as I told you here
Told that it is not necessary to first buy side
Liquidity Hunt Ho and Sell Side
Liquidity is available here some times
What is buy-side liquidity here?
Let there be a hunt and here suppose if someone
If the leg is not made then in that case this is
Sale sa liquidity hunt hoti hai and ye jo
Our part remains this is our dealing range
It becomes because the daily time frame is
There is a very large time frame and within that
Which is very difficult for you to find a
A dealing range is seen forming
And on a long term, the dealing range is
If it is seen being made then at those places
Such changes come, especially those which are
Which is available in the Indian market for a limited time
For the period, it starts and ends
In that case, all these rules are there.
I hope you understand what I say
Understood what the rule is and how
Which is what a dealing range is now formed
I will tell you the correct way in the chart.
Let me tell you how to deal in the charts.
A range is formed and how do we enter it?
we can do a trade plan from ok if we
If we look at Bank Nifty, then Bank Nifty
The price action inside is bullish and
As I told you that the monthly which we
He was biased and was on the upside because of the monthly
What you get inside is the macro institutional level.
to see a volume balance inside
If I let you
Let me tell you, if we go within one month then
What you have at this point is a volume
The balance is right, so we have one
It is important to have a back support that will help us achieve a
And give confidence that our
direction is right when we have a
If there is an extra support,
We get a good feeling right we get a
It feels safe knowing we have someone right there.
We've got support from one back end
What is inside us in the confidence way
Now we can go upside down
Liquidity target, this part is fine
Yes and as I told you February 20th
After which I'll tell you about dealing range play
I will tell you in what way it is
Dealing range is formed
Now I will cut the 20 rounds.
Right, this is it
But
Okay, if you look here, right here.
if you
If you look at it, this is your sell side liquidity.
Because there is a liquidity pool here.
The structure is made in this way, you can see it
be careful
Suppose OK is made in this way then its
Below is a liquidity pool.
Below is the liquidity, right?
Liquidity hunt has taken place on the sell side.
Liquidity has been created and what follows is
Price is a buy-side liquidity hunter
Sell ​​side liquidity end
Buy-side liquidity and these order blocks
Which is the target and from here the reverse
It will happen and after this whatever we are dealing with
Mark the range from here to here
ok now continue this
Go on, okay, tap this order block.
Before it happened, he took a reverse right.
Because there is also a gap in balance here and
I am respecting the price.
And it is going down side, right first second
The third and fourth candles that have formed
After that, our dealing range is something like this
Mark from
Inside Hoga Now Premium, we have such
Which part is there from where we can buy
Are
Your Advance Der Block
If I name it
Do ok re
Sorry, I have named it Order Block.
Diya right end price which is tapped
It ends as soon as the month ends
Expansion starts to be seen
Yes because what is here is already tapped.
It has happened that is the reason why the month is open
Only direct expansion was seen now
Okay, if you look here on the sell side.
Liquidity Buy Side Liquidity Done
And the price has gone downside right now
Another dealing range is fine if you are a
If you look at the inside dealing range, it is this
As for buy-side liquidity, right?
One was already old and the other was by
There is side liquidity that is creating new dealing ranges
This is the buy side liquidity right end.
After that the price comes downwards.
If it creates a lacquer at this place then it will end
Good, we already have a sale side
Liquidity is what this candle has
Grab the candle from the previous day low
It is done here if you read the structure
If you do it, the structure is made in this way
Right, there's already a sell side here.
There is liquidity and at the same time if here
Another sell side creates equity so well
And good now we read this.
The price is continuously going downwards.
No one is creating liquidity because
There is already liquidity here
Now Buy Side Liquidity and Sell Side
Liquidity is good on both sides when
Liquidity Hunt happens after that
A dealing range is formed here as soon as
This hunt happened and a dealing range was formed from here.
Even OK Now Premium has this
Which is the zone from where we can buy
volume balance right this one part
Okay, Price will tap this and
The price will go upside and
The high of the dealing range will be our target.
Now
Okay dealing range of premium wa sorry
The discounted part is right last
PI is him Price tapped now up
Moving sideways when a dealing range is formed
Discount offers on the End Dealing range
The price gets tapped here like
tapped here like tapped here
to recognize one of your internal biases that
Like marking a liquidity that your
I have experience, it starts fine.
In what way do you express your bias?
Whatever you can mark, understand it carefully.
From here when you see a displacement
If he gets it then is he here
Is the volume balanced or should you pay attention?
Right or if you don't have a volume balance
If an order block is created, then it is
It is not even made, it is continuing
The price will continue to move upwards
Mostly when will this volume balance be known?
When in this lag you get a volume
If you see a balance or something like that
What happens if the price comes down?
The region gets the price which is such volume
Taps Balance and then
Find the region to drop down to and tap it.
After doing this it goes to the up side and this
There is a good amount of liquidity in the part
The one that is grabbed is right, so the first one
Our like which first which our dealing range
Was and done this is the second dealing range right
Let us look at a second dealing range.
Continuing this on one of our volumes
Balance is where an inside entry is made
The main focus of the volume balance has come down.
And again
Continue Again Down Came Volume Balance K
Main l ko BPR hai lore time fam usko tap
Kia and again continue long range high
Done Dealing Range High Done Now Dealing Now
Understand the range, okay, right now
He has a dealing range
Understand Price Gaps Its Liquidity
Right, like I told you, Weekly Joe
The candle is moving downwards due to liquidity gap
Now I have what it is last Saturday and Sunday
Ko Jo Hai Up Jo My Mentorship Private
mentorship is what I have in my
The student was told that what is already there
Two dealing ranges have been completed
And a new dealing range is about to be created
I already told them that a new
The dealing range is going to be the end price which
is going to go down to the right and
I also told them about this dealing range.
It has been told through play that the market is
After tapping here, go to the up side
It's going to be on the up side after tapping here
I'm going to go right because that's where
I was taking live classes and
I knew that place was a market place.
and I told them whenever
I also provide live classes and other mentorships.
I tell them when I take it.
That next week you will see this
I will definitely get it if I sell it
I will not tell them and if it does not happen then
All that stuff is useless like Rat and Abhi
I told you last Friday that Price
You will have to tap it on the down side.
And the same thing is that the price is on the down side
I tapped it
Right to this dealing range which is at this place
The last one you have to drink, consider it as tap now now.
The place is not tapped or already there
It had already happened and that is the reason why the price
Tap this and give it a displacement.
And now that's Monday, there's a gap up
Opening is about to end with a pullback and a gap
There will be an up opening and it will go upside to 479.
around and then if it takes a pullback
If so, tap the PI below.
will continue right and main thing kya hai
that the monthly bias has been done, so this
This is the dealing range, it will stretch a little longer.
Or maybe the dealing range changes because
The war between Israel and Iran is coming to an end.
If monthly bye is already done then behind
There is no support for these dealing ranges
what was inside was that there was a support at the back that
Definitely this hunt is going to happen but this
The hunt has already been done, so right now there is no
If there is no support then you are worth Rs 48000.
The target is around 479.
Let's go and see what happens after that in these places
But when a lag is seen on the right lower
When you go to the time frame, one over time
On the frame, so here you will find FPG and so on.
You will see the end price if you tap it.
If it is gaining momentum on the up side then it
This is the best buying opportunity for you.
Okay, this is important for you, yes.
If Israel and Iran are together because
Monthly time frame has turned bias down
Because of the news of the war between Israel and Iran
The price will continue to go downwards.
And the bias that is there is okay.
Hope you understand what I'm saying if you
here
You will see buy side liquidity as well
Plus you have sell-side liquidity
Okay, buy-side liquidity and this is what
The swing is its sell side liquidity end
After that, this is your dealing range.
Price came down to touch the premium
What is your lower time limit from here?
Treads start forming on the frame
And your overall target remains till here
Okay, and you'll see this on Friday.
This has already happened, there has been displacement.
It has also happened on Monday, this is also a shame that
100% gap up is okay so let it continue
It is over and this is the overall but I
I am going this far with confidence because my
There is no support in the back end.
Inside these places is the back and back support
Okay, so this was the quality that definitely
Whatever the price is, he will hunt it but right now
It is not right at the moment, right now you are in this level
Following which and below
PI is tapping this which is Continue
You can do it, yes the bias is still there.
You can keep it on the up side, okay, up side.
Whatever it is, you can accept the bias and proceed accordingly.
Because the dealing range is still your bullish
Okay, so you take these levels with you.
I hope you can explain it to me
I have been successful in knowing what the dealing range would have been.
Now I am selling my dealing range
Let me tell you what is in the gold chart
is right because there are many forex traders who
Let me know Anish Bhai if possible
Please explain the Forex charts.
Do it because it is easy for us to understand
Hogi and we are forex traders right then
I am specifically talking to Forex traders.
I am that on Monday whatever is on Monday,
Every evening is fine in the application
Every evening around 6:00 p.m.
Every day in the evening at 6:00 pm
Around Joe is New York Sessions' Around Joe
Have the Right Nuke Inside the Forex Market
Around the session that is live streaming
inside my own application
You will find A&amp;IOS in the description.
You will get the link when you download my application.
If you download it, then when you are on Monday at 6:00 PM
If you come, you will see a free banner
You will get it when you click on that banner.
Join my live stream automatically
Loge Right Remember, any Forex trader
All those who are watching this video, remember
Forex trader if you are SMC and ICT
which is through live market predictions
Do you want to see or in the live market
If you want to trade then come to my
By downloading the application, what is in it
Wait for 6:00 because I too
I want to be a forex trader
And I have a lot of forex with me.
Let's grow the trader right so I this
I want all the Forex traders out there to
Remember, it's Monday at 6:00 PM.
Whatever is in the application will remain online
Because I'm going to be there live.
I am and continue to live stream
And I'm going to show you my skills
In what way is it available to you in the market?
How do your biases work?
The way you get to see the trade
Right now if you look here what I have
I told you to understand my words carefully.
I told you earlier about the price and rent.
I told you the price and time
Thri sorry run thri is different that too I will give you
Explain price and time in the coming part
Whatever I made you learn, right about it
After that I told you Daily Bias Learn
I got it done and after that I told you
Now that these three have learned gender range
I combined it, so we did this whole
The question will be answered in the entire examination to be held this year.
We caught the criteria step by step
Taken and now what you have is the future
You will find out why because you have
Know about Criteria Bias
So if I wanted to, I could tell you about Daily Bias.
You used to make half an hour video daily, right?
Bias ka ki dekho previous day high end
Previous Day Lo Grub Hota Hai Previous Week
Hi and previous week low grub hota hai
Right, I could have told you or my bias
I can tell you that it remains in continuation.
You would have died in the gap up gap down
I can't do anything else but I told you anyway.
I told you the whole story.
gender range complete I told you I
You will get the price and range of this sorry price
And whatever time you have, I will give it to you.
I told you everything after that.
Like Daily Bias and all the things that are
I have combined it and told you in what manner it is.
How the market works
How are traps made that are short?
How does bias change for the term?
which is where the overall bias is found
In what way is it based on the daily time frame?
Liquidity is marked watch me
I don't know who is still here.
Till then it is almost okay if you see it then give
The video is over an hour long, I don't know.
How many people are going to see this, but
I am promising him that Jitan
I have seen it till here, it is definitely inside it.
who will be able to make their career because I
I know that I know you
What am I providing right and Joe
man provides something whatever
provides if he is the owner or
He knows that thing, suppose you are someone
If you are buying something from the company, then the company
The one who knows very well that he
what is he selling or what is that thing
Providing the same thing to the other person
What I am making you learn
I know what it is and how it works
The complete change in your trading style
It is difficult to understand but he will do it.
This is the only way, it's hard to understand
But this is the only way, listen to me say it.
I may make a mistake, my tongue may falter.
Because I am a human being and this
It is difficult for me to continue for two hours.
It's okay to say that if you look at my
More editing within the lecture or something like that.
No, I am a simple person who
I am happy with my family and I
Doesn't believe in showing off too much
Right, I myself have 500 rupees worth of money, which means 5 lakh dollars.
I am managing the funding, all his real
I have given you all the proof certificates.
I have provided it but I still like it
He is not showing up saying, look, I can go.
It's not like I should take a trip to Dubai
etc. I can go on I've been to a lot of places
I am done, okay, and now this is June.
My trip to Europe within a month
Yes, right, but that show up is done for this reason.
So that people get trapped and run their shops
Always remember this, I love those people more than
I don't hate it but it hurts bad
It seems that when we have to use our money as it is
People take advantage or we are wrong
Well then I hope you're mine
You are understanding things and always recognize this
Look at who you are learning from, people.
About Dealing Range or People Daily Bias
About or people who are price and time
Theory about Different Actuals
Something about the price and time theory
Mostly it doesn't teach, okay, and but
There are some people who are half-hearted in their trading
Views do not have to be purchased premium
Those who do not have some setup etc.
But he is just making a video, so
On the basis that if people see that video
See subscribe me so I can
Be able to earn an income because of which what will happen
That they are not able to do anything with trading
But whatever is through you, he earns.
I have told you a clear thing, okay?
There is nothing to hide, this is the reality.
That is why I am telling you that you
Identify what you are learning and through whom
You are learning right
I hope you are understanding what I am saying now
Which is we walk on gold
If you are trading on Gold on Daily Time Frame
If you look here, the price is continuous.
Was going up side but Sunli who
Market structure shifts
The Right Price is Market Structure
Shifts to the now by side
liquidity sell side liquidity okay a
Now if you look here, no one has any swing
No previous swing highs were taken here
But I did not take it here also now from here
It has started to happen with this swing
Took the high of
Now from here to here dealing range you
Look, the price went up to Equilibrium.
Tapped and down side, OK, now again.
If you look here, the new deal
Range by Side
Liquidity side
Liquidity and this is your dealing range
Bana end when you come into this dealing range
What you have here is to see a block.
This block will get the end price which is
Let's tap and from here it's down
Your emulsion is done on the side
Because there is no FZ here, no order
It's not a block, it's just a block.
Price taps this and down side
The momentum in the dealing range gives
Whatever the target is, it remains okay whenever
You can also buy with premium and sell with premium.
If you do, then low target of dealing range
It will remain and if you are buying at a discount
If yes, then the premium is higher in the dealing range
That will be your target, the right Indian market
What is inside is premium DK, so
You trade it daily to daily.
And you should always keep in mind that
Temporary pull backs will come to tap
Temporary pull backs will come if you
Here you will see all the things that I have
I will remove the temporary fruit backs.
Because one point is saved on the daily time frame
goes which has to be tapped and
Price definitely knows how to tap him.
Okay, so by all means, every time frame.
Trade with understanding what it gives you
Now you will understand clearly that
What to do and I am definitely saying
I hope your result is next week.
It will be worth watching One Week to Follow
Do end comment section which is friend
Understand that the comment section is open for you.
Whatever is there is open for you, come and say whatever you want.
If you want to say something, say it, okay, your result
If you have made a mistake, explain it to people.
Okay, ask people what the mistake was.
Look, I don't pay attention to most of the comments.
If you see my comment, you will get 1500
I have cut 1600 comments from just people.
No one replied to me
I am not interested in reading it or
I myself am able to do something after three months.
I am bringing a video, okay but
what I'm bringing I know that I
What am I bringing and I will try it myself
I am doing okay so whatever you have in the comments
Tell me how many changes you saw.
And at the same time, whoever does not understand
If possible, please help him a little.
He is a little confused even between the two, right but you
If you help him, he will be happy because of you.
Whatever he is, he will grow a little and start his family.
If someone is right then think about it
Also, who takes the time to send a message?
Look friend, you will ruin him with just one message.
If someone's life changes, then
Do it definitely okay if his life
changes or if it helps
definitely do it okay i hope you are mine
Are you understanding things as I told you?
Told that I will be live streaming from Monday.
I am trading Forex on my app.
New York at 6:00 PM for Market
If possible, all that is there should be done on the session.
download the application
And along with this, all these lectures
The PDF you will find on the left side of the application
You will see three lines on the side.
On the up side and there you have it for free
All PDFs can be seen in the material.
If you go right, you can download the PDF from there.
You can read it, see you friend on Monday
Which is live on Steam and thanks to everyone.
Still waiting to see if I made any mistakes
If it has happened then I apologize with folded hands.
I ask and I don't know your
What is your trading style?
Whose videos did you watch me learn from?
It doesn't matter how I act like it
I trade, this is my trading
style if you like it then you
If you don't feel comfortable doing it, don't do it.
I know what I'm doing
He is right and is giving me profit.
This will definitely make you one too.
Try it once and always, whenever
Even if you learn, don't keep this thing in mind.
Learn that he's better than if I were to
Keep in mind that this
Religion is the best for me, I already
If I decide this then I will never
I can't recognize reality
If you have already accepted that this religion
If that's right, then I don't know about other religions.
I will never be able to read it and I will always remember him.
I will say good and bad things, the same thing is that when you
You may not understand everything when you try to understand everything
If you know then decide before that
that this is the best, so the guy who gives you
Even if you come forward and tell the truth, you
If you don't understand him, okay, then don't take sides.
Okay, stay in opposition, stay neutral in opposition.
What am I saying, right, opposition or party is fine.
Forget about night, what's okay is about morning:
It's already past midnight, I've been
Which is what I have created a lecture for you and
Now thanks everyone for watching so far.
And I apologize to everyone, right?
If I made a mistake, okay and I
Hope you will go a long way through this video.
Grow up and my job was to give you
okay I gave a lot of comments
I saw those who were requesting me but came
That Anilesh Bhai, whatever the video is,
Nilesh Bhai, do anything and make a video.
Two, I put pressure on myself. I put pressure on my
You have put pressure on me and I have put pressure on you.
Week is there, I made a comment that I liked it.
If you look at the community posts,
I commented that the next video
The coming sun is coming and I have come
I think it was posted on Saturday or Friday, right?
Now I have decided that on Friday
I have to make a video at night but
I couldn't give time, okay, I'm using Bitcoin.
which is a little more involved in the trading of
I went and because of that I am in time
I couldn't give in, then I tried again.
Now that I have said my commitment
If you had done it then I had to make it otherwise
If I don't commit then definitely
It would have been another one and a half to two months but I
I had made a commitment, so whatever is there because of that
This time I had to make it like the end now
Bitcoin is currently closed due to the Forex market
I don't have that much momentum in the morning
There was a momentum of 2000 points and it
I captured what I had and then what
It is completely sideways
I tried to make this lecture okay
I hope you learn a lot from this lecture.
Thanks to everyone watching so far
See you all in the next lecture
Bye